YOU HAVE A LITTLE OVER A YEAR
LEFT WHILE YOU GUYS ARE STILL IN
OFFICE.
IS THERE ANYTHING ON THE BUCKET
LIST?
ANYTHING YOU EVER WANTED TO DO
AS THE FIRST LADY OR AS A
PERSON, YOU KNOW.
(LAUGHTER)
>> HAVING SOME MOVEMENT ON
GIRLS' EDUCATION BECAUSE THIS IS
THE KIND OF WORK BARACK AND I
WANT TO DO LONG AFTER WE LEAVE
THE WHITE HOUSE.
I ALSO WANT TO DO LITTLE THINGS
LIKE, YOU KNOW, OPEN A WINDOW.
(LAUGHTER)
I MEAN --
>> Stephen: I'M SORRY.
I WANT TO GO TO TARGET.
I WANT TO DRIVE.
>> Stephen: YOU DON'T HAVE
SECURITY CLEARANCE TO OPEN A
WINDOW.
>> I CAN'T OPEN A WINDOWS.
THE WINDOW OPENS, IF I PRESS IT
IN THE CAR, EVERYBODY'S LIKE,
OH, WHAT WAS THAT!
>> Stephen: WE'LL GET YOU A
CANISTER OF FRESH AIR.
>> ONE DAY AS A TREAT, MY LEAD
AGENT LET ME HAVE THE WINDOWS
OPEN ON THE WAY TO CAMP DAVID.
IT WAS FIVE MINUTES OUT.
HE WAS, LIKE, A WINDOW'S OPEN!
ENJOY IT!